feat:  Add new client parameters: encoding (#330)
triaxtec/openapi-python-client: CHANGELOG.md

- Fixes `Enum` deserialization when the value is `UNSET`.
- Add handling of application/vnd.api+json media type.
- Support passing models into query parameters (#316). Thanks @forest-benchling!

> - New `--file-encoding`command line option, set encoding used when writing generated, default: utf-8 (#330).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New `--file-encoding` command line option (#330). Sets the encoding used when writing generated files (defaults to utf-8). Thanks @dongfangtianyu!
```
